Measure agent self-narration on every call; separate granted credit from paid

── HOW BAD IT ACTUALLY IS ──────────────────────────────────────────

My first count was 48 calls. It was wrong in both directions: it missed
the dominant failure and it flagged ordinary courtesy as a defect. The
real figure, from the shipped detector run over every call:

  Kaizen Systems US   124 of 694 calls (17.9%), 231 flagged turns
  HashirCare            0 of  19
  ILM Healing           0 of  16
  astrixdigitalmedia    0 of  16

  34 of the 124 were heard by a person. 11 went onto voicemail, where
  they are recorded.

By category: keypad 100 calls, stage directions 34, mechanism 20,
hang-up 8, tooling 2, records 1. Still running at ~20% on 18 and 21
September — current, not historical.

The category I had missed entirely is the damning one. Told to "reply
with a single space so nothing is spoken", the model said the words out
loud instead:

  "Remain silent and wait for the menu options."
  "Staying silent while the call connects."
  "Holding and waiting for the next available agent."
  "1 moment. Katrina. Have a great day. Call ends."

It read the instruction as a line to perform rather than an action to
take. My instruction caused that, and the provider's own IVR guide
recommends the same trick, so it needed the alternative spelled out and
forbidden rather than left implicit.

── WHAT CAN AND CANNOT BE GUARANTEED ───────────────────────────────

There is no output filter anywhere in the provider's API. Its IVR guide
offers exactly one lever — "avoid saying anything if using the dtmf
tool" — and that is a prompt. So prevention is probabilistic and saying
otherwise would be a lie.

What is now structural is that it cannot go unnoticed:

  - lib/calls/narration.ts — one detector, six categories, with the
    rationale for each anchored to a real spoken line. Validated on 59
    hand-labelled turns from production: 29/29 caught, 30/30 clean. The
    first audit and the first fix disagreed by a factor of two precisely
    because the regex lived in a SQL console and not in a file.
  - Runs in the end-of-call webhook on EVERY call of EVERY tenant,
    whatever they configured, and writes calls.narration_kinds /
    narration_turns. Backfilled over all history: 124 calls, 231 turns.
  - Partial index on the flagged minority so it stays cheap.

And prompt-side, the parts a tenant cannot switch off:

  - A stage-direction rule, naming the exact phrasings observed.
  - The silence instruction rewritten: "your entire reply must be one
    single space character and nothing else ... Writing 'staying silent'
    is not staying silent."
  - DELIVERY_CLOSER is now the literal last line of every prompt, after
    the tenant's own text AND after the campaign obligations. Callers
    that append their own blocks pass closing:false and re-add it at the
    end, so nothing outranks it by sitting later.

── CREDIT: GRANTED IS NOT PAID ─────────────────────────────────────

Kaizen's full ledger:

  MANUAL_CREDIT     4 entries   +$130.00   allocated from super admin
  CALL_DEDUCTION  174 entries    -$76.65
  OVERAGE_CHARGE   48 entries    -$29.40
  REFUND            1 entry      +$29.40
  TOP_UP            0 entries
  PACKAGE_PURCHASE  0 entries

They have never paid us a penny. Every screen called it "your balance"
and priced it as overage fuel.

lib/billing/credit.ts states the account rather than attributing spend:
what came in and from where, what went out and on what. Deciding which
dollars a given call burned is an accounting choice dressed as a fact,
and any such choice eventually disagrees with the balance. These sums
reconcile by construction — verified against the real ledger (net 5335
== balance 5335) and across five scenarios: no plan/granted only, plan
with purchases, plan exhausted into overage, mixed granted+purchased,
and an empty ledger.

The balance card is now labelled by provenance ("Credit allocated to
you"), and the breakdown carries a "Where this credit came from"
section ending, where true: "This account has never been charged."

Migration applied to the live database already: calls.narration_kinds,
calls.narration_turns, calls_narration_idx.
